#summary A list of all the open source projects that SVG-edit uses

= Projects used by SVG-edit =

Like many open source projects, SVG-edit depends on other open source projects.  This page acknowledges these projects and the many software developers across the globe without which our software would be sorely lacking.

== jQuery ==

Jonathan Resig's [http://jquery.com/ jQuery library] was chosen as a basis for the project since the beginning.  The power of jQuery really lets us focus on the functionality and not worry about all the intricacies of mixing with the HTML, CSS and SVG DOM.

== jPicker ==

Christopher Tillman's awesome [http://www.digitalmagicpro.com/jPicker/ jPicker] is used as our fill/stroke picker.  The source code repository is now hosted [http://jpicker.googlecode.com/ at GoogleCode].

Christopher was gracious enough to take suggestions from Pavol on how to incorporate opacity and some callback functionality back upstream into jPicker.

== jGraduate == 

Jeff Schiller created the excellent [http://jgraduate.googlecode.com jGraduate] plugin to select SVG gradients in SVG-edit.

== canvg ==

Gabe Lerner's excellent [http://canvg.googlecode.com SVG-to-Canvas] library has helped us bypass browsers' inability to save SVG files an PNGs, by first rendering SVG images in an HTML5 Canvas element.

== jQuery UI ==

We use [http://jqueryui.com/ jQuery-UI] for making the dialog boxes (color picker, document properties) draggable, as well as for the opacity slider.

== js-hotkeys ==

[http://code.google.com/p/js-hotkeys/ js-hotkeys] is used to bind all keyboard events in the editor.

== JQuery Web Spin-Button ==

George Adamson's [http://www.softwareunity.com/jquery/JQuerySpinBtn/ Web Spin-Button] provided a starting point to implementing a cross-browser spin control in SVG-edit.  A few bugs were fixed with compatibility and sent back to George for hopeful inclusion in the next version of his jQuery plugin.

== SVG Icon Loader ==

Alexis Deveria's [http://code.google.com/p/svg-icon-loader/ svg-icon-loader] is used to load in all the SVG icons for the SVG-edit user interface.

== Icons ==

Many of the icons used in SVG-edit come from the [http://tango.freedesktop.org/Tango_Desktop_Project Tango Desktop Project] which are released into the public domain.  We also used a couple of icons from the [http://famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/ Silk Icon Project], which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License.  Finally, some of the icons were hand-drawn (in SVG-edit itself).