#summary The second community conference call.

You can listen to the recording of the previous one [CommunityConferenceCall here] (and read up on meeting notes)

=When=
The meeting will be February 12th, 2013 (at 16h00 UTC like the previous one)

Please check for [http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20130212T1600 the time in your time zone]



=Where=
  * We will be using the Free and Open Source [http://bigbluebutton.org/ BigBlueButton] Web conferencing platform 
  * It will be possible to join 
   * With a regular phone with a call to a toll-free North American number 
   * Via the !BigBlueButton web interface (in Flash) (please have a headset)
   * With Skype (please have a headset) (It is a free call since you'll be calling a toll-free number)

The meeting room is at (link coming once date is decided)


=Topics=
== Introduction of participants ==
  * Each person takes a minute or two to introduce themselves. This also serves to make sure sound is OK for all. Please have a headset.
   * Where do you live?
   * How do you use SVG-edit? (if this takes more than 30 seconds, please add as a presentation below)
   * What is on your mind for this meeting (which topic of the agenda interests you the most)?

== Demos/explanation of how SVG-edit is used/integrated ==
  * Each project presents in 2-5 minutes an overview of how they use SVG-edit. Presenters: you'll be able to [http://www.bigbluebutton.org/overview/ share URLs in the chatroom, or you can upload PDFs to the presentation tool]

This is for projects that didn't present in the previous call or that have something new to share.


== Wikipedia ==
Being used for Wikipedia will be the biggest surge of usage for SVG-edit (Wikipedia being a top-10 site in the World)

[https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/svg-edit/SfTVM4OPXiA/discussion A round-trip test suite is now in place.]

Related links:
  * https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/wiki/Wikipedia
  * https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SVGEdit
  * https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:TranslateSvg
  * https://bugzilla.wikimedia.org/show_bug.cgi?id=38271
  * https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=1006

What are the next steps to get there?
Who can help?

== Release cycle ==
Let's start the discussion. And we should eventually come up with some realistic and commonly understood guidelines. 
Some examples:
  * A release every 6 months like Ubuntu (October and April)
  * Release at any time (when energy and features are there), but never more than 12 month between releases.

== 2.7 Release ==
  * What is the code status in trunk?
   * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=2&q=NeededFor%3D2.7 The current list of issues tagged needed for 2.7]
    * Let's discuss "real" blockers for a 2.7 release, because the list above is quite long!


== Ease of use and skinning platform ==



== Convergence of energy / Roadmap / Revamp ==
Please present your ideas and proposals. Ideally, in writing before the meeting so people can read and be ready with questions.

 * [https://groups.google.com/d/topic/svg-edit/MvAHo1-4xpU/discussion Gauging reception for a full redesign (Mark MacKay)]
 * [https://groups.google.com/d/topic/svg-edit/O1XLHrLZLYg/discussion Proposal: svg-edit and svg-view (Christian Tzurcanu)]
 * [https://groups.google.com/d/topic/svg-edit/aua4-cy8hvI/discussion Modular design and customizations (Aditya Bhatt)]
 * Add your proposal! :-)

=Who=
If you are interested to participate, please indicate your name, city or time zone.

  * Marc Laporte, Montréal
  * You?

  Who else should we make sure is present?

You can confirm here as well:
https://www.facebook.com/ (link will be added later)


= Your thoughts =
What do you think? Let us know what is on your mind :-)