#summary Early December 2012, we will hold a community conference call.

=When=
This will happen early December. Please vote of the best time/date:
http://tiki.org/SVG-edit+2012-12+community+meeting


=Where=
  * Whatever is best for participants, but most likely using http://bigbluebutton.org/


=Topics=
== Introduction of participants ==
  * Each person takes a minute or two to introduce themselves. This also serves to make sure sound is OK for all. Please have a headset.
   * Where do you live?
   * How do you use SVG-edit? (if this takes more than 30 seconds, please add as a presentation below)
   * Where do you want to see the project in the future?

== Demos/explanation of how SVG-edit is used/integrated ==
  * Each project presents in 2-5 minutes an overview of how they use SVG-edit. Presentators: you'll be able to [http://www.bigbluebutton.org/overview/ share URLs in the chatroom, or you can upload PDFs to the presentation tool]
   * [https://code.google.com/p/cwm-drawtool/ CWM Draw Tool] (Boris Goldowsky)
   * [http://awwation.com/ Awwation] (Aditya Bhatt)
   * [https://github.com/duopixel/Method-Draw Method Draw] (Mark MacKay)
   * [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SVGEdit MediaWiki integration] (Brion Vibber)
   * [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:TranslateSvg TranslateSvg] (Harry Burt)
   * [http://sourceforge.net/projects/ocsvg/ OwnCloud integration] (Florian Hülsmann)
   * [https://groups.google.com/d/msg/svg-edit/8uYm9I4KheQ/kMLggZdytuoJ A schematic editor (one-line diagrams for electric utilities)] (Flint O'Brien)
   * [https://drupal.org/sandbox/josegaert/1511596 Drupal SVG] (Jo Segaert)
   * [http://www.cloud-canvas.com/ CloudCanvas] (Chance Roth)
   * [http://doc.tiki.org/Screencast Tiki Screen capture] and [https://doc.tiki.org/Draw Tiki Draw] (Marc Laporte & Robert Plummer)


== 2.6 Release ==
  * What is the code status in trunk?
   * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=2&q=NeededFor%3D2.6 The current list of issues tagged needed for 2.6]
   * Discuss blockers for a 2.6 release
   * If we can't release quickly, perhaps just branch so trunk is open again for development?

== Wiki edit rights ==
  * How should we use the wiki?
  ** Used more for community planning discussion?
  ** Explicit way for people to gain edit access


== Commit access policy ==
SVG-edit is awesome. And all the people who worked on it have done a superb contribution to the Free and Open Source ecosystem. The main
contributors according to https://www.ohloh.net/p/svg-edit/contributors?query=&sort=commits are: Alexis, Jeff, Pavol and of course, thank you to Narendra for starting all this.

Now, time goes by, great people get busy with new projects and it's time for renewal within the SVG-edit community. There is a great bit of talent and energy on the mailing lists and the issue tracker. We hope to always count on Alexis, Jeff, Pavol and Narendra when there is a big problem, but we want the community to be sustainable and growing.

The commit activity has slowed in recent years: https://www.ohloh.net/p/svg-edit/commits/summary

Yet, there are patches in SVN. How can we increase the odds that 1- they become appropriate for and 2- they are committed to the main code base?

What should our commit access policy be?

Marc Laporte proposes to think about this: http://info.tiki.org/article188-Tiki-reaches-500-contributors-with-commit-access and to move progressively in this direction. It's a little scary at first but listen to the podcast on that link :-)


== Convergence of energy ==
There are many applications that are based on SVG-edit (CWM Draw Tool, Method Draw, Awwation, etc.) Super! Now, many of these enhancements are obviously suitable for upstream as the new default, and some are suitable as an option.
  * Let's discuss when this is a "good"/acceptable/best scenario to keep things separate vs when we feel this work should be part of SVG-edit.
  * Let's discuss a way to reduce the number of forks and make projects closer and have everyone work in the same code base (with branches, distros, alternate themes, or something!) 


== Wikipedia ==
We have:
  * https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SVGEdit
  * https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:TranslateSvg
  * https://bugzilla.wikimedia.org/show_bug.cgi?id=38271
  * https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=1006

Being used for Wikipedia would be the biggest surge of usage for SVG-edit (Wikipedia being a top-10 site in the World)

What are the steps to get there?


== Browser support ==
More or less half the web uses rapid release browsers (Chrome & Firefox). What happens if we want to improve SVG-edit but need something that is not yet available in some of the browsers? (or very difficult to do)

What should our policy be?  


== Consulting ecosystem ==
There are people (ex.: on the mailing list) that are willing to sponsor SVG-edit work. How do we leverage this?
  * [Consulting] (add yourself!)
  * What else?

== Translations ==
  * [https://groups.google.com/d/topic/svg-edit/suxArdPZcqI/discussion Translation overhaul discussion]

== Roadmap ==
Let's discuss as a project where we want to be in 3-5 years. What are the features / use cases we would cover if we had tons of contributors the project vs what is outside the scope of the project?

  * SVG-edit is a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vector_graphics_editor. Will it become a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raster_graphics_editor as well? Ex.: [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=893 Pixastic Image Processing Library]
  * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=985 SVG-edit can draw on images. Will it one day draw on videos?]
  * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=947 How about realtime collaborative editing?] 
  * There are some non-linear presentation tools like use SVG-edit as a base. Should SVG-edit become a such editor?  [https://github.com/adityab/Awwation#readme Awwation: "The editor is built upon the core of SVG-edit, and uses the Sozi library for zooming animations"]
  * How good will SVG-edit become for [http://www.mind-mapping.org/web-based-mindmappers/graphical.html Concept Maps, Mind Maps, Topic Maps, Flow Charts and Org Charts]?



=Who=
If you are interested to participate, please indicate your name, city or time zone and ideal dates/times/periods. We'll likely use an online service to pick the date

  * Marc Laporte, Montréal (any time)
  * Pavol Rusnak, Prague (any time)
  * Chance Roth, San Diego (any time)
  * Mark MacKay (any time)
  * Ahmad Syazwan, Kuala Lumpur (?)
  * Bdkzero, Italy 
  * Brion Vibber, San Francisco
  * You?

  Who else should we make sure is present?



= Your thoughts =
What do you think? Let us know what is on your mind :-)