#summary List of all SVG-edit consultants

__As per the [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License MIT license], you do not have to pay anything to anyone to use or integrate SVG-edit. If you code, we hope that you will choose to re-contribute your fixes and enhancements. Additionally, you may __choose__ to pay for support, training, bug fixes and enhancements.

While there is no official endorsement from the point of view of SVG-edit, below is a list of self-identified consultants, who offer services. We ask that all consultants listed here be active within the community and upstream fixes and enhancements, when it's possible/relevant. Some enhancements are just too specific and it may not be acceptable for the official project code base.


= Mark !MacKay =

  * Website: http://duopixel.ca
  * Email: mark@duopixel.com
  * Stackoverflow: http://stackoverflow.com/users/524555/duopixel
  * Github: https://github.com/duopixel

I have experience with deep customizations of SVG-Edit. Two projects that I've made with SVGEdit are [http://visualizame.net/editor/index.html Visualizame] and [http://editor.method.ac  Method Draw]. I have experience customizing SVG Edit for mobile too. I only work on projects which are appropriate to upstream to SVG-Edit (relevant as a drawing app and with an MIT License).

---

= Robert Plummer =

  * Website: http://visop-dev.com
  * Email: rplummer@visop-dev.com
  * !LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/robert-plummer/18/89/a36
  * Github: https://github.com/robertleeplummerjr

Expert developer in web technologies (php, mysql, javascript, jquery, .net, t-sql).  Help to create the cwm draw tool (http://code.google.com/p/cwm-drawtool/) and implemented svg-editor into Tiki wiki cms groupware (http://tiki.org).

---

= Mark Medinger =

  * Email: medinger.mark@gmail.com
  * !LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/markmedinger

Front end web developer for LIVEyearbook Inc. Have been using svg-edit for over 2 years now and helped create cropping of photos with clipPath, add a drop shadow to an object, drag images into detectable drop target zones, changed the button layout of svgedit, and background tools, etc. NOTE: I would like to give the work back to the community but understand if that is not an option.

---


= Ben !McDonald =

  * Email: mcdonald.ben@gmail.com
  * Vector Paint: http://www.vector-paint.com/app

Creator of Vector Paint which makes use of svg-edit code. I hope to summit bug fixes to the code which Vector Paint shares with svg-edit.

(other consultants: add yourself to this page) 