#summary An overall summary of the development process of SVG-edit
#labels Process

<wiki:toc />

= The Development Phases of a Release =

NOTE: The duration of each of the phases below has not been defined at this time.

== Pre-Alpha ==

During this phase, the trunk is completely open to contributions:  new features, bug fixes, radical architectural changes.  In this phase, the scope of the release will be locked down (features will be decided upon, new features will be voted and accepted for release targeting).

The trunk spends most of its lifetime in Pre-Alpha mode.

== Alpha ==

During this phase, the majority of the features have been implemented on the trunk.  Some minor features may still not be implemented yet.  Portions of major features may be in a rough state during the Alpha phase.

No new features will be considered for the release, the scope is locked down.

== Beta ==

During this phase, all feature work has been complete.  The release has now gone into bug fix mode.  Only fixes deemed critical to the release will be considered for check-in to the trunk.

== Release ==

During this phase, the trunk will be branched to svn/branches/X.X (where X.X is the release number) and the following steps will be performed:

  * manual step: the HTML will be updated to reference the minified JS files (switch HTML comments)
  * manual step: the HTML will be updated to point to the Google CDN version of jQuery (switch HTML comments)
  * run the Makefile, which does the following automatically
    * JS files will be minified on the branch
    * the Firefox extension will be packaged into an xpi file and uploaded
    * the Opera widget will be packaged into a wgt file and uploaded
  * update the *stable* tag to refer to the new release branch via:

{{{
$ svn delete -m "Removing old stable tag" https://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/tags/stable
$ svn copy https://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/2.3 https://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/tags/stable -m "Pointing stable tag to 2.3 branch"
}}}

At this point, the trunk is now opened up again and enters Pre-Alpha phase for the next release.

If bugs are encountered with a released version, those fixes must be merged to both the release branch and the trunk.

= Creating a Branch =

For big experimental features, you may want to branch the repository to separate your work from the trunk.  A branch in SVN is just a copy:

{{{
svn copy http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/rotate-selector -m "Making a branch for..."
}}}

This will create the branch on the server.  Then you can check it out as a working copy:

{{{
svn co http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/rotate-selector/ svg-edit-rotater
}}}

Then hack away in the 'svg-edit-rotater' folder and freely check in your changes (these will only be updating the rotate-selector branch in the repository.  You can share your changes, have them reviewed, etc.

Once your happy with the branch, you can merge it in.

  * TODO: instructions on automatically merging back to trunk
  * TODO: instructions for keeping up to date in the branch (i.e. merging from trunk to branch)