= Introduction =

SVG-edit is a fast, web-based, !JavaScript-driven SVG drawing editor that works in any modern browser.

= Recent news =
 * 2013-11-07 [CommunityConferenceCall5 community conference call] (join us!)
 * 2013-10-10 [CommunityConferenceCall4 community conference call] (You can listen to the recording)
 * 2013-04-09 [CommunityConferenceCall3 community conference call] (You can listen to the recording)
 * 2013-02-12 [CommunityConferenceCall2 community conference call] (You can listen to the recording)
 * 2013-01-15: [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/downloads/detail?name=svg-edit-2.6.zip&can=2&q= SVG-edit 2.6] was released

= Demos =
Try out <b>[http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/2.6/editor/svg-editor.html SVG-edit 2.6 demo]</b>, the latest stable release.

For the adventurous ones, please do try out the [http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/editor/svg-editor.html trunk build demo] (This is the development code of the next version).

= Videos / Screencasts =
  * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpC7b1ZJvvM SVG-edit 2.4 Part 1]
  * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDzZEoGUDe8 SVG-edit 2.4 Part 2]
  * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVIcIy5fXOc SVG-edit 2.3 Features]
  * [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJKmEI06YiY Introduction to SVG-edit] (Version 2.2)


= Features =
SVG-edit is an online vector graphics editor that uses only !JavaScript, HTML5, CSS and SVG (i.e. no server-side functionality).  SVG-edit has the following features:

<table><tr><td>
  * Free-hand drawing
  * Lines, Polylines
  * Rects/Squares
  * Ellipses/Circles
  * Polygons/Curved Paths
  * Stylable Text
  * Raster Images
  * Select/move/resize/rotate
  * Undo/Redo
  * Color/Gradient picker
  * Group/ungroup
  * Align
  * Zoom
  * Layers
</td>
<td>
  * Convert Shapes to Path
  * Wireframe Mode
  * Save drawing to SVG
  * Linear Gradient Picking
  * View and Edit SVG Source
  * UI Localization
  * Resizable Canvas
  * Change Background
  * Draggable Dialogs
  * Resizable UI (SVG icons)
  * Open Local Files
  * Import SVG into Drawing
  * Connector lines and Arrows
</td>
<td>
  * [http://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/wiki/ExtensionDocs Plugin Architecture]
  * Smoother freehand paths
  * Editing outside the canvas
  * Increased support for SVG elements
  * Add/edit Sub-paths
  * Multiple path segment selection
  * Support for foreign markup (MathML)
  * Radial Gradients
  * [http://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/wiki/ConfigOptions Configurable Options]
  * Eye-dropper tool
  * Stroke linejoin and linecap
  * Export to PNG
</td></tr></table>

 * New in 2.6:
  * Support for Internet Explorer 9
  * In-group editing
  * Image library
  * Shape library
  * Context menu
  * Cut/Copy/Paste
  * Gridlines, snap to grid 
  * Merge layers
  * Duplicate layer
  * [http://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=1&q=NeededFor%3D2.6&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+NeededFor+Browser+Owner+Summary&cells=tiles many more] 

SVG-edit works directly in the browser.  There have been several side projects:  A Firefox Add-on, an Opera Widget, a Google Wave Gadget (no longer maintained).

In browsers that support the W3C File API, this editor allows you to open local files.  The set of browsers in which this supported is: Firefox 3.6+, Chrome 6+, Safari 5+, and Opera 11.10+ (builds from 2011-04-05 onwards).

= Supported browsers =
 * Firefox 1.5+
 * Opera 9.50+
 * Safari 4+
 * Chrome 1+
 * IE 6+ (with the [http://code.google.com/chrome/chromeframe/ Chrome Frame plugin], native IE9 support in 2.6)

= Support the project =
If you use SVG-edit, add to your Ohloh.net stacks:
<wiki:gadget url="http://www.ohloh.net/p/325148/widgets/project_users.xml" height="100" border="0"/>

= Further Reading =
  * [ProjectsThatUseSvgEdit Projects that use SVG-edit]
  * [Reviews]
  * [HowToParticipate How to participate]
  * [FrequentlyAskedQuestions Frequently Asked Questions]
  * [TipsAndTricks Tips and Tricks]
  * [Roadmap]
  * [Governance]
  * [CodeRefactoring Code Refactoring]
  * [VersionHistory Version History (release notes)]
  * This editor depends on many other open-source projects.  See [Acknowledgements] for details.