#summary 2013 interview for online presentation on SVG tools, for posting on InfoWorld.com
#labels interview

== What is the purpose of SVG-edit? ==
SVG-edit is an online vector graphics editor that uses only !JavaScript, HTML5, CSS and SVG (i.e. no server-side functionality). It is designed to be embedded in a web application (Wiki, CMS, Groupware, etc.)

== What are its main functions? ==
 * Supports all modern browsers
 * Integrated with many applications
 * Stores drawing data in SVG
 * Free-hand drawing, Lines, Polylines, Rectanges, etc.
 * Layers
 * And many more: https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/#Features


== What does SVG-edit do that other SVG tools do not? ==
Most SVG tools are desktop applications, which makes it more complicated to collaborate. 


== Who developed it? ==
According to Ohloh.net "SVG-edit has had 1,749 commits made by 36 contributors representing 50,115 lines of code"

== Is SVG-edit an open source or commercial product? If it is commercial, Can you provide a price range per-seat? ==
SVG-edit is Free and Open Source software, and community-managed. The license is MIT. So you can embed in your commercial or FOSS project.

== How important is SVG, from your perspective? ==
It is very important to have standards for all data formats.

== Can you provide some screen shots or URLs with visuals of SVG-edit? ==
Here is demo of the stable version:
http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/2.6/editor/svg-editor.html

Here is a demo of the upcoming version:
http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/editor/svg-editor.html

== Any other comments about SVG-edit? ==
SVG-edit is a community-managed project with a open contribution policy. Join us in making it as good as it can possibly be!  We have community conference calls and want to have as many contributors as possible. See: https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/wiki/HowToParticipate

We also have a project to get SVG-edit used on Wikipedia for over half million SVG images there.

== Who is your employer and what is your title there? == 
* I am volunteer project administrator for SVG-edit, along with others. We do have some consultants which are available to integrate SVG-edit in your application or for adding additional functionality. 
