#summary A high-level roadmap for the SVG-edit project.

= Introduction =

This document covers future versions of SVG-edit. For the current release and previous versions, see the VersionHistory.

Although there is no set date to do so, one important project is to get SVG-edit used on [Wikipedia].

Starting with 2.4, development versions of SVG-edit are given an alphabetic codename that corresponds to the name of a shape.  See potential lists here:
 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_curves
 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_regular_polytopes

You can follow all [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/source/list code commits here] to see any features that have been developed since the latest stable release.

= Version 2.8 ([https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devil%27s_curve Devil's curve] in trunk; not yet released) =

== Proposed Features ==
 * [http://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3ANeededFor-nextversion next version] ([https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=2&q=label:NeededFor-nextversion%20type=Defect&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20NeededFor%20Browser%20Owner%20Summary Bugs only])
 * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=2&q=NeededFor%3AFuture&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+NeededFor+Browser+Owner+Summary&cells=tiles future version]

== Implemented Features (subject to further alteration before release) ==
 * [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list?can=1&q=NeededFor%3Dnextversion+status%3AFixed%2CDone&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+NeededFor+Browser+Owner+Summary&cells=tiles already fixed/implemented]
 * Avoid error in ungrouping function when no elements selected (was impacting !MathJax "Ok" button).
 * Fix [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=1205 issue #1205] with Snap to Grid preventing editing
 * Fix bug in exportImage if svgEditor.setCustomHandlers calls made
 * Support loading of (properly URL encoded) non-base64 "data:image/svg+xml;utf8,"-style data URIs
 * Added openclipart support to imagelib extension
 * Client-side [https://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/detail?id=1156 PDF export] (to data: URI)
 * Allow config "exportWindowType" of value "new" or "same" to indicate whether to reuse the same export window upon subsequent exports
 * Ensure all dependencies are first available before canvg (and jsPDF) usage; upgrade canvg version and allow for empty images
 * Support and demonstrate export in embedded editor
 * allow showGrid to be set before load
 * Minor improvement in display when icon size is set to small
 * Potentially breaking API changes (subject to further alteration before release):
  * Remove 2.7-deprecated "pngsave" (in favor of "exportImage")
  * Data URIs must be properly URL encoded (use encodeURIComponent() on the "data:..." prefix and double encodeURIComponent() the remaining content)
  * Remove "paramurl" parameter (use "url" or "source" with a data: URI instead)
  * svgCanvas.rasterExport now takes a window name as the third argument, with the supplied name also being provided as a "exportWindowName" property on the object passed to the [ExtensionDocs#svgEditor_public_methods exportImage] method optionally supplied to svgEditor.setCustomHandlers.
  * Change 2.7 allowance of "PDF" as a type in the canvas "rasterExport" method and the "exported" event to instead be moved to the canvas "exportPDF" method and "exportedPDF" event respectively.

== Release Date ==
 * TBD

= Future =
== Proposed Features ==
=== Animation ===

SVG-edit should provide a means of animating SVG content using SMIL so that it can be played back in any browser.  This becomes increasingly important as more browsers come online with SMIL functionality (Webkit and soon Mozilla).

The Inkscape folks have thoughts here: http://wiki.inkscape.org/wiki/index.php/Animation-%28Timeline%29