#summary Google Summer of Code 2010

= Introduction =

This is our page of ideas for the [http://socghop.appspot.com/ Google Summer of Code 2010].  If you are a student, you can participate by developing one of the projects we describe here (or propose an idea of your own!), and get paid through a stipend by Google. Read the [http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/faqs Google Summer of Code 2010 FAQ] for more details about the program.

= Important dates =

  * *March 08 to March 12* - Mentor organization application period
  * *March 18* - Announcement of accepted mentor organizations.
  * *March 29 to April 09* - Student application period
  * *April 26* - Announcement of accepted students
  * *May 24 to August 16* - Coding period

See the [http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/timeline authorative timeline] for more details.

== Information for students ==

The Google Summer of Code is a program for students in most countries.  You will participate by writing code for a free software project.  Students who finish their work satisfactorily will get a stipend of 4500 US Dollars.

Do this if you want to participate:

  # Start by reading the [http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/faqs Google Summer of Code FAQ]
  # See which of the Ideas below you find interesting or come up with your own idea.
  # Get in contact with the community
  # Submit your proposal on the Google Summer of Code website

Your proposal should include this information:

  * Give a detailed idea of what you want to accomplish in your project.  Don't just quote what the project's abstract says!  Think of how you will actually implement it, and describe that.
  * Give a general idea of your skills.  If you have participated in a free software project before, say so and if possible point to your contributions.
  * Give a rough timeline for your work, with milestones.  For example:  "week 1, get the code to build and start familiarizing myself with it.  Week 2, implement the first refactoring patch.  Week 3, try such and such thing."

Basically, let us know why you are the perfect person to implement the project you picked :)


= Ideas =

This is a list of ideas for projects which could be done as part of the Google Summer of Code program. If you have an idea and want to mentor it, please add it to the list.

If you are a student and want to work on an idea, submit a proposal. You are not limited to the ideas listed here. If you have an own idea or want to approach an idea in a completely different way, feel free to submit this as proposal as well. Sometimes these are the best projects. Creativity and initiative are highly appreciated.

== {IDEA_TITLE_TO_BE_REPLACED} ==

*Required knowledge:* What does the prospective student need to know before attempting this idea?.

*Skill level:* How difficult would this idea be to implement if the student has the required knowledge

*Mentor:* Your name and contact will go here.

*Student:* Your name and contact will go here.

Description of idea goes here, try and be as detailed as possible.

= Links =

  * [http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/faqs Google Summer of Code FAQ]
  * [http://code.google.com/soc/ Google Summer of Code main page]