#summary SVG Open 2010

= Info =

8th International Conference on Scalable Vector Graphics
August 30 to September 1, 2010
Paris, France

= Abstract =

*Paper title:* SVG-edit

*Paper subtitle:* A complete vector graphics editor in the browser

*Authors:* Rusnak, Pavol

*Paper topic:* Graphic Design with SVG -or- Interactivity and Scripting -or- SVG Authoring Tools and Techniques

*Abstract (400-800 words):*

SVG-edit is a fast, web-based, Javascript-driven SVG editor that works in any modern browser. It's built around open-source components like jQuery and itself is licensed under Apache License 2.0, so it's easy to embed into both non-commercial and commercial projects. ...

*Remarks:*

=== codedread's comments ===

Pavol, I would recommend talking about the new features in 2.4, 2.5 (and if it is released prior to the conference, 2.6).  Also, I would recommend discussing some of the challenges so that browsers are more aware of them.  Please feel free to take comments from this list of challenges to weave them into your talk:

  * browser support of content-editable in HTML does not extend to HTML-inside-SVG (using foreignObject) in an interoperable way.  This prevents rich text in SVG-edit.  Try the T+ button on this experimental branch: http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/branches/enhtext/editor/svg-editor.html
  * need all browsers to support the [http://www.w3.org/TR/FileAPI/ W3C File API] (to allow local files to be loaded into SVG-edit).  Specifically Safari, Opera, IE9 and Chrome (Google has plans to support this in Chrome 5).
  * want browsers to start implementing the [http://dev.w3.org/2009/dap/file-system/file-writer.html W3C FileWriter] interface (I think Chrome has plans for Version 5)
  * want browsers to allow better Canvas-SVG integration (i.e. export Canvas to SVG, [http://dev.w3.org/html5/canvas-api/canvas-2d-api.html#todataurl-method export SVG to PNG], embed canvas directly in SVG for raster effects)
  * consistent support of SVG DOM interfaces, specifically things like SVGPathSegList (adeveria has more details, I'm sure), more details on the BrowserBugs page